##### Commit number 1 [ 9/3/2015 ] : 

1. Created the project folder : `blissangular`.
2. Added the required `git` files, and basic folder structure for the project including a test folder and `.gitkeep` files.

##### Commit number 2 [ 9/3/2015 ] :

1. Added a `README.md` file.

##### Commit number 3 [ 9/3/2015 ] :

1. Initialized `NPM` `package.json` file.
2. Initialized `bower` `bower.json` file.
3. Added `.bowerrc` file.
4. Added initial project metadata to said files.
5. Added the vendor_comonents folder and a path to it in the `.bowerrc` file to download all the third party dependencies into.

##### Commit number 4 [ 9/3/2015 ] :

1. Added `Gruntfile.js` file and made the initial project module.exports preparations.

##### Commit number 5 [ 9/3/2015 ] : 

1. Created `documentation` folder for the project.
2. Added `general_notes.md` file to the project.
3. Changed folder name: `src` to `development`.
4. Added `hello.js` file for testing purposes; will be deleted eventually.
5. Installed `JsHint` for `Grunt-cli` from `npm`. The `node_modules` folder and the dependency itself were both saved / created / added automatically in the project.
6. Added `JsHint` support to `Gruntfile.js`.
7. Removed `gitcache` and last commit from git. Reasons below.
8. Added `node_modules` and `production/vendor_components` folders to `.gitignore`.

##### Commit number 6 [ 9/3/2015 ] : 

1. Installed `Testem` from `NPM` to run the tests. This is a test runner.
2. Installed `Sinon` from `NPM`. This is a helper library for testing.
3. Installed `Testem` unit testing tool from `NPM`.
4. Added support for `Jasmine` to the `Grunt-cli` task runner.
5. Added more rules to the `Gruntfile.js` for `jshint`. Mostly to ignore stuff related to `jasmine` and what-not.
6. Added support for the `testem` task to `Gruntfile.js`.
7. Change `documentation` structure for `general_notes.md`. It now became a folder containing the `general_notes.md` file plus other md files for each day containing the commit messages.
8. Installed `phantomjs` globally from `NPM`.
. Added file called `hello_spec.js` in the `./test` directory.
9. Added `TEST_README.md` file in the `test/` folder.

##### Commit number 7 [ 9/3/2015 ] :

--- Removed `hello.js` script file from `development/`. 